hello everyone please welcome and join
me easy step
cocaine Indian Punjabi style I'm going
to cook the dish today chicken
drumsticks as the curry I'm going to use
a two onion I think I'm going to use two
fresh tomatoes small amount of ginger
seven eight cloves of garlic I'm going
to use a three green chilli and of
course I'm going to use my secret
ingredient potato I'm going to put this
all in the food processor make sure I'm
going to grind it because I'm gonna make
mightor cough and I prefer my olive oil
at this time please sir when you put a
ginger again that a you do little bit a
small jump even I'm going to make a
small chunk I'm gonna put it in there
put my garlic in there I'm going to put
my chili in there and of course as I
said I'm gonna use my secret ingredient
which is the potato and this is the one
again I'm going to bring the curry
itself in such a nice soft texture which
is a unexpectable things happen like
this that you don't even put the cream
and but you get the flavor or texture as
a creamy look and that's all because of
my secret ingredient so I'm going to
start it and I'm going to work on it
pretty much done
I can zoom in and I can show you that
all my Turki looks this is what I was
saying that when you are da
my secret ingredient this is the one
gonna give you a texture flavor-wise
beautiful and the only thing is that we
don't add any cream or anything but as
it you know basically gives a bloke
appearance as a creamy look so I'm going
to cook this one already now and this is
my drumstick they are fresh so they so
the best thing to do when you pull the
skin you can use a napkin and you can
grab it and they won't come off easily
and the other thing I'm going to share
with you if I can zoom in then I'm going
to make a chicken
I'm going to make one one cut like this
one cut here so I'm gonna shut the cut
kind of deal in a sense that we want our
turk of everything getting basically
marinated together and when the turquoi
everything blends in it tastes better
three we close in and I'll show it to
you
see I don't like to disturb circle like
this because then it never cooks I only
goes on the side that's another way of
doing it goes on the side and then go in
the center mica is a pretty much there
this is the what I have a chicken which
I wanted to win to your attention once I
remove the skin I make a like a two cuts
and that gives you a false traction and
to add my
the sword is according to your face how
much the sword you need
definitely I'm gonna use on turmeric but
are getting now before I mix mark the
Limerick I want to show my club this is
my third car is a natural color no brain
nothing whatsoever no food coloring
nothing
this is my eager masala and when I use
my dinner come in my prefer mostly after
all
so if I try to see this movement already
with medium I gasps turtle looks
beautiful
mouth-watering so not trying for me to
add my chicken and I am going to put in
my gas level low because this can you
know I'm just gonna show you
I'm not at this moment I'm going to put
my chicken in there and I'm going to use
it like a 1 glass of hot water and right
now I'm gonna break my magic screen and
I'm gonna mix it so once we are
basically like sighs some marinated this
is the world of these animals are
thinking if I can close in that one shy
of the card the masala goes inside and
it tastes really good and also because
[Music]
and we can cover the lid it's going to
be like a five minutes I'm going to cook
the chicken other other day with but I
wanted to do something that people enjoy
it
but they feel that what's in there
so now everything is done if we then
close in I'm gonna let it sit for five
minutes about ten minutes ago I opened
it and I just checked it the meat needed
a little bit more cooking so I have
another if you we take a lot of clothes
in same scenario else we grab a meat and
if we you can break it easily
that's the coke so I know it's a fully
cooked all the curry looks let me show
you see it's a beautiful texture
mouth-watering finger licking delicious
curry I'm going to add a cilantro and
I'm going to taste it chicken drumstick
curry now let me close in and show it to
you why so beautiful it looks and I'm
going to try one piece I'm gonna take
one piece it's a really good cook if you
take a look
I'm gonna bring the curry
it's a malt water drink I can smell it
so good and let me show you that once
I'm gonna cut see it's cooked so well
it's going to cut like this that means
it's a fully cooked and I'm gonna give
you my honest opinion it's so delicious
I feel like eating then talking the
curry itself such smooth you put it in
it goes inside feels so good and I
really appreciate that you join me easy
step cooking Indian Punjabi style
chicken drumstick curry and I'm going to
come back with you again with the new
dish with my secret ingredient and I'm
going to see you again and thank you for
watching